agentos knowledge updates (#668)
agno-agi/docs: agent-os/knowledge/remote-content.mdx

Reviewer: add an knowledge page remote content upload screenshot

Author: Actually i don't have an S3 link to setup the remote content in FE. If you have one, can you help me with it ?

Author: Or i can push it as a follow-up ?

description: Upload content from registered cloud sources via the AgentOS Knowledge API.
keywords: [knowledge, agentos, remote content, s3, gcs, sharepoint, github, azure blob, api]
---

Once a Knowledge instance has `content_sources` registered, AgentOS exposes them through the Knowledge API.

```bash
# Upload a file from a registered S3 source
curl -X POST http://localhost:7777/knowledge/remote-content \
  -F "config_id=company-s3" \
  -F "path=reports/q4-2025.pdf" \
  -F "name=Q4 Report"
```

## Register sources

Register at least one source in `content_sources` on your Knowledge instance. See [Cloud Storage Sources](/knowledge/concepts/cloud-storage) for the provider classes (`S3Config`, `GcsConfig`, `SharePointConfig`, `GitHubConfig`, `AzureBlobConfig`) and their parameters.

```python
from agno.knowledge.knowledge import Knowledge
from agno.knowledge.remote_content import S3Config, GitHubConfig

knowledge = Knowledge(
    vector_db=vector_db,
    contents_db=contents_db,
    content_sources=[
        S3Config(id="company-s3", name="Company S3", bucket_name="my-bucket"),
        GitHubConfig(id="docs-repo", name="Docs Repo", repo="acme/docs", token="..."),
    ],
)
```

> The `id` values (`company-s3`, `docs-repo`) are what later cURL examples pass as `config_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Register sources

```python
from agno.knowledge.knowledge import Knowledge
from agno.knowledge.remote_content import S3Config, GitHubConfig

knowledge = Knowledge(
    vector_db=vector_db,
    contents_db=contents_db,
    content_sources=[
        S3Config(id="company-s3", name="Company S3", bucket_name="my-bucket"),
        GitHubConfig(id="docs-repo", name="Docs Repo", repo="acme/docs", token="..."),
    ],
)
```
See supported [Cloud Storage Sources](/knowledge/concepts/cloud-storage) for the provider classes (`S3Config`, `GcsConfig`, `SharePointConfig`, `GitHubConfig`, `AzureBlobConfig`) and their parameters.

Once a Knowledge instance has `content_sources` registered, AgentOS exposes them through the Knowledge API.

```bash
# Upload a file from a registered S3 source
curl -X POST http://localhost:7777/knowledge/remote-content \
  -F "config_id=company-s3" \
  -F "path=reports/q4-2025.pdf" \
  -F "name=Q4 Report"
```
```

Reviewer: <img width="924" height="478" alt="Screenshot 2026-06-15 at 6 22 56 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/67307729-d705-4d00-97dc-e6d41bdc36aa" />
this is part of suggestion

| `type` value | Provider |
|---|---|
| `s3` | Amazon S3 |
| `gcs` | Google Cloud Storage |
| `sharepoint` | SharePoint |
| `github` | GitHub |
| `azureblob` | Azure Blob Storage |

## Upload remote content

`POST /knowledge/remote-content` accepts `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` and processes the content asynchronously.

<CodeGroup>
```python Python
import requests

response = requests.post(
    "http://localhost:7777/knowledge/remote-content",
    data={
        "config_id": "company-s3",
        "path": "reports/q4-2025.pdf",
        "name": "Q4 Report",
        "metadata": '{"team": "finance", "year": 2025}',
    },
)

# 202 Accepted while the content is being processed
print(response.status_code, response.json())
```

```bash cURL
curl -X POST http://localhost:7777/knowledge/remote-content \
  -F "config_id=company-s3" \
  -F "path=reports/q4-2025.pdf" \
  -F "name=Q4 Report" \
  -F 'metadata={"team": "finance", "year": 2025}'
```
</CodeGroup>

### Path semantics

- A trailing `/` ingests every file under the prefix as a folder. Example: `reports/`.
- No trailing `/` ingests a single file. Example: `reports/q4-2025.pdf`.

> `config_id` and `path` are required. See the [upload-remote-content reference](/reference-api/schema/knowledge/upload-remote-content) for all form fields and query parameters. Valid `reader_id` and `chunker` values come from [`/knowledge/config`](/reference-api/schema/knowledge/get-config) under `readers` and `chunkers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout API reference [upload-remote-content reference](/reference-api/schema/knowledge/upload-remote-content)
```

## Per-request overrides with `source_params`

> `source_params` lets one configured source serve multiple targets. Today GitHub is the supported case: pass `repo` to point a single `GitHubConfig` at a different repository per request.

Reviewer: adding today feels casual a bit , we can just have share as "for example github : pass ..... "

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:7777/knowledge/remote-content \
  -F "config_id=docs-repo" \
  -F "path=README.md" \
  -F 'source_params={"repo": "acme/other-repo"}'
```

Without `source_params`, the request uses the values baked into the registered config.

## Browse files in a source

`GET /knowledge/{knowledge_id}/sources/{source_id}/files` returns paginated files and folder prefixes inside a source.

<Warning>

> File listing is currently **S3 only**. Calls against `gcs`, `sharepoint`, `github`, or `azureblob` sources return `400 Bad Request` with detail `Source type '<ConfigClass>' does not support file listing`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File listing is currently supported in **S3** only.
```
